hey there if you're watching this video
you have probably went and searched for
a painting company in your city and I've
shown up on page one of your search
results and that's just great but if you
are looking for an actual painting
company then I apologize because this
video really isn't for you so please
push the back button and I'm sure some
other company on page one of Google will
be able to help you out but if you are a
painting company that's great because
this video is going to help you out
right now your business should be on
page one of google or yahoo when people
search for a painting company or
something similar to that in fact this
is what happens when people research
online in today's internet savvy
marketplace almost every product or
service that is purchased starts with
online research and this is how it
happens people put in a keyword or
phrase for what they're looking for and
then they look at all the results on
page one or maybe the first one or two
results and then they look and see if
what they want is actually there or not
if it's not they search for a different
keyword or phrase and they move on until
they find something they don't go onto
page two anymore so if you're online and
even if you're not online and you're not
on page one of Google or Yahoo for the
keywords you want then your competitors
are stealing tons of business from you
and there are probably tons of keywords
your business isn't on page one four and
you're losing tons of leads and sales so
if you want to harness the power of the
internet and get on the first page of
Google maybe get a lot of people from
Facebook and get a lot of fans or just
plain get a lot more customers and make
a lot more money in today's internet
savvy marketplace give the number below
a call and either I or one of my
assistants will answer and if we're not
there just leave a voicemail and we'll
get back to you very quickly the number
below is there give us a call and let's
get you ranked
number one or at least get you on page
one and get customers and sales coming
in on autopilot